README.md, before:

# Micromaterials List

this is a curated list of [micromaterials](https://micromaterialsblog.wordpress.com/2016/04/06/micro-materials/) from across the internet that satisfy a few basic criteria:

- they are focused
- they are free
- they give automated feedback\*

(\* - it might be the case that some materials are primarily forms of input, ie infographs or text passages, and so if they don't have any activities for users to complete, they can't really give feedback)

## Categories

So far the following categories are things that I'm tracking, but I'd love to add more categories as micromaterials are found in the wild.

- Language
- Software development
- Mathematics

### Language

- [simple past endings on irregular verbs](https://github.com/lpmi-13/touchwords/) - helps learners to find and correct simple past-tense irregular verbs that have been overgeneralized to use -ed endings.
- [fixing issues with articles](https://github.com/lpmi-13/anwriting/) - helps learners find missing articles in written texts.
- [stress match game](https://github.com/lpmi-13/stress-match-game/) - helps learners match expected stresses in academic words.
- [rhyme match game](https://github.com/lpmi-13/rhyme-match-game/) - helps learners match rhymes in vowels of common words.

### Software development

- [git rebasing](https://github.com/lpmi-13/merge-a-matic/) - helps learners step through the process of rebasing a git branch to fixup two commits.
- [git reflog](https://github.com/lpmi-13/reflog-power/) - helps learners use the reflog to bring a local deleted branch back to life.
- [git submodules](https://github.com/lpmi-13/submodz/) - helps learners practice running through some simple submodule commands.
- [public and private ip addresses](https://github.com/lpmi-13/ipinder/) - helps learners practice identifying which IP addresses are public and which aren't. 
- [netmasks and subnets](https://github.com/lpmi-13/netmask-slider/) - helps learners visualize what a netmask is and how it affects aspects of the subnet.

### Mathematics

- [linear equations from lines](https://github.com/lpmi-13/graphit/) - helps learners connect what linear lines look like as equations.


## How to contribute

- fork this repo
- checkout a new branch
- add a micromaterial
- push to your remote fork
- open a PR

Commit message:

add in note about learning objectives

README.md, after:

# Micromaterials List

this is a curated list of [micromaterials](https://micromaterialsblog.wordpress.com/2016/04/06/micro-materials/) from across the internet that satisfy a few basic criteria:

- they are focused
- they are free
- they give automated feedback\*

(\* - it might be the case that some materials are primarily forms of input, ie infographs or text passages, and so if they don't have any activities for users to complete, they can't really give feedback)

## Categories

So far the following categories are things that I'm tracking, but I'd love to add more categories as micromaterials are found in the wild.

- Language
- Software development
- Mathematics

## Learning objectives

Due to the very focused nature of the materials (at least at present) the learning objectives tend to cluster closer to knowledge and comprehension, though I'm hoping to add some application and possibly analysis at some point.

### Language

- [simple past endings on irregular verbs](https://github.com/lpmi-13/touchwords/) - helps learners to find and correct simple past-tense irregular verbs that have been overgeneralized to use -ed endings.
- [fixing issues with articles](https://github.com/lpmi-13/anwriting/) - helps learners find missing articles in written texts.
- [stress match game](https://github.com/lpmi-13/stress-match-game/) - helps learners match expected stresses in academic words.
- [rhyme match game](https://github.com/lpmi-13/rhyme-match-game/) - helps learners match rhymes in vowels of common words.

### Software development

- [git rebasing](https://github.com/lpmi-13/merge-a-matic/) - helps learners step through the process of rebasing a git branch to fixup two commits.
- [git reflog](https://github.com/lpmi-13/reflog-power/) - helps learners use the reflog to bring a local deleted branch back to life.
- [git submodules](https://github.com/lpmi-13/submodz/) - helps learners practice running through some simple submodule commands.
- [public and private ip addresses](https://github.com/lpmi-13/ipinder/) - helps learners practice identifying which IP addresses are public and which aren't. 
- [netmasks and subnets](https://github.com/lpmi-13/netmask-slider/) - helps learners visualize what a netmask is and how it affects aspects of the subnet.

### Mathematics

- [linear equations from lines](https://github.com/lpmi-13/graphit/) - helps learners connect what linear lines look like as equations.


## How to contribute

- fork this repo
- checkout a new branch
- add a micromaterial
- push to your remote fork
- open a PR
